----- C PROGRAMMING----
----- 1. Functions ----
1. WAP to find sum of two numbers using function named sum().
2. WAP to know a number is even or odd usingfunction named evenodd().
3. WAP to print the greatest value among threenumbers using a function int great().We have to use return statement.
4. WAP to know a number is prime or composite usingfunction.
5. WAP to find sum of series 1,2,3,…..200 usingfunction. Assume yourself function name. It returns aninteger value.
6. WAP to input elements of an array and print themwith their sum. Suppose, the array is one dimensional and is of void type andfunction to be used is array_elements().
7. Suppose a function void matrix_sum(int a[][],intb[][]).Here, we have passed array as parameter. Use this function to find sumof matrices.
8. WAP to sort ‘n’ number of strings usingfunction. Pass strings as parameter.
9. WAP to find factorial value of a number usingrecursive function.

Lab works-2(struct and unions)
1. WAP to input id, name and grade for 10 students.Then print them. Use array of structure concept.
2. WAP to input 20 employees name, position andsalary. Then search a record of an employee and its position on the basis ofname.
3. We have two structures as given below.struct employee{    charename[100];    chareaddress[100];};struct salarydetails{char pos[100];float salary;struct employee detail;}payinfo; WAP to input employees’ details with salarythen print them. Use nested struct concept.
4. WAP to input id, name and address of 20 studentsusing struct. Then print them in sorted format on the basis of name.
5. WAP to input any 10 teacher’s id, name andsubject using ‘typedef’ and structure. Then print them on screen.
6. WAP using function and structure to calculatesum of two distances measured in terms of kilometers and meters.
For example,If we input following data
Kilometer                        meter
23                                445
45                                756
69                                201
The output would be 69 km and 201 meters.
7.WAP to input student id, name and grade andprint them. Use union concept.

Lab works-3(pointers)
Objective 
1. To become familiar with the concept of a pointer.
2. To understand that variables are stored in memory locations that can be referred to by their addresses.
3. To understand Pointer and Array
4. To understand passing pointer as function argument

Lab Work Questions
1.WAP to perform arithmetic calculations (sum,difference, multiplication and division) of two numbers using pointers.
2.WAP to know a number is even or odd using pointer.
3.WAP to find sum and average of ‘n’ natural numbers using pointer.
4. Use array to input 10 elements and print them.Use array as pointer.
5.WAP to input 10 elements and print maximum and minimum value. Use array as pointer.
6.WAP to swap two values using call by reference and call by value.
7.WAP to sort 10 numbers stored in an array using pointer.
8.WAP to print multiplication table of a number using pointer.